imagine in one month's time you look in
the mirror and you see a younger looking
you simply because you have used this
this is redefine acute care skincare for
expression lines a unique one-of-a-kind
treatment that visibly improves the
appearance of wrinkles only from Rodan
and fields each patch contains a hundred
and twenty five liquid cones made of
hyaluronic acid and peptides and you can
actually feel them and these cones melt
into the wrinkle now our clinical data
shows a visible improvement in wrinkles
if used for ten times over four weeks it
has taken us 30 40 even 50 years in my
case to develop these wrinkles so isn't
it worth taking four weeks to visibly
make them disappear
Accu care contains two ingredients both
are naturally found in the skin and both
decline as we age the first is a peptide
and like most peptides it is precious
and fragile so acute care provides the
perfect mechanism to deliver high
concentration targeted levels of this
peptide right where it needs to go into
the wrinkle the second ingredient is
hyaluronic acid and that's very
important because again it decreases as
we age and it's responsible for holding
moisture in the skin because one
molecule of hyaluronic acid holds a
thousand molecules of water if you take
a baby its skin
is soft smooth and plump that's because
of hyaluronic acid as we age our skin
becomes less radiant it becomes less
smooth that's because we're not getting
a hyaluronic acid to where it needs to
be the epidermis and that's exactly what
we're doing with acute care we're
supplying these ingredients over a
four-week period to provide them with
the runway that they need to produce
visible improvement in the appearance of
your skin all you have to do is use this
three times a week for ten uses Monday
Wednesday Friday Monday Wednesday Friday
Monday Wednesday Friday Monday this is
high tech meet skincare to address this
very difficult issue of wrinkles this is
redefine acute care skincare for
expression lines only from Road Anna
fields